Xiaohongshu has become the default place for Chinese beautiful faces and bodies. Boys and girls usually use Xiaohongshu to show off their taste. In this research, we first crawl the necessary data from Xiaohongshu and then perform communication effects & analysis for beautiful faces and bodies related new media. We perfrom an extensive and comprehensive study on how the beautiful faces and bodies can affect the communicaton effect for nearly 1 billion users on the Xiaohongshu platform. We thus find that for Xiaohongshu users, beautiful faces and bodies are among one of the most important factors for effective communication especially for commerical ads in the fashion industry. We thus perform a cross validation on our findings on the other platforms. We follow the same research paradigm for the platform Zhihu in China. The findings are somehow different, like the following *. In conclusion with the two underlined datasets, a computational advertising model for evaluation is designed, trained, evaluated and ready for deployment. For each piece of text, image and video, the model will output a probability which we defined as the Cognitive Computational Advertising evalution model. Experiments show that this model is not only able to output a probability score but also output the potential reasons for good / bad communication. The model has now been deployed in serveal major platforms in China including Xiaohongshu, Zhihu etc. We thus and will come out a set of effective cognitive computational advertising guidance for among the platforms, users and advertisers.

Key Words: cognitive computational advertising, effective communication, computational advertising, deep nerual networks, communication model